README.md, before:

# speterlin-stocks

A Python package for a suite of quant-trading opportunities in stocks with API integration: Alpaca brokerage for storing USD assets and margin trading (2x) on exchanges NYSE & NASDAQ, Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) & Google Trends & Yahoo Finance & Google Finance & ExchangeRate & Slickcharts & CrunchBase for data collection, OpenAI & Google Gemini-Pro for AI analysis.

Please see [quant-trading](https://github.com/speterlin/quant-trading) for writing scripts, backtesting, other analysis. Make sure to install package like this (with python>=3.12 and latest pip) in your environment or (recommended) virtual environment:
```python
pip install speterlin-stocks
```
And then import package like this:
```python
import speterlin_stocks.module1 as stocks
```

For the following calls set up your Python virtual environment shell (where you quant trade or analyze stocks) and import packages like in [quant-trading#Another Python script for Stocks](https://github.com/speterlin/quant-trading?tab=readme-ov-file#another-python-script-for-stocks-with-ai-trading-programsstocksstocks_tngaia_alpaca_your_other_usernamepy)

## Get and analyze your saved Portfolio

```python
portfolio = stocks.get_saved_portfolio_backup("portfolio_rr_50_-50_20_-0.2_0.2_-0.05_2000_100_True_False_False_{'usd': 10000}_2024-12-01_to_" + datetime.now().strftime('%Y-%m-%d'))

# View open positions in two rows
print(str(portfolio['open'].drop(['fmp_24h_vol', 'gtrends_15d', 'rank_rise_d', 'tsl_armed', 'tsl_max_price', 'trade_notes', 'other_notes'], axis=1)) + "\n" + str(portfolio['open'].drop(['position', 'buy_date', 'buy_price', 'balance', 'current_date',\
'current_price', 'current_roi'], axis=1)))

# View sold positions
portfolio['sold'].tail(40).drop(['fmp_24h_vol', 'rank_rise_d', 'tsl_max_price', 'gtrends_15d'], axis=1)
```

## Check Assets

```python
account, alpaca_open_orders = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.alpaca_api.get_account, params={}, error_str=" - No account from Alpaca on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data = {}), stocks._fetch_data(stocks.alpaca_api.list_orders, params={'status': 'open', 'nested': True}, error_str=" - Alpaca open orders error on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data=[])
assets = stocks.get_alpaca_assets(alpaca_account=account, alpaca_open_orders=alpaca_open_orders)
print(str(assets) + "\nTotal Current Value: " + str(assets['current_value'].sum()) + "\nAccount Equity: " + str(account.equity) + "\nAccount Buying Power: " + str(account.buying_power))
```

## Market calls

```python
last_trade_data = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.alpaca_api.get_latest_trade, params={'symbol': ticker}, error_str=" - No last trade from Alpaca for ticker: " + ticker + " on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data = {})
price, timestamp = last_trade_data.price, last_trade_data.timestamp
```

## USA Holidays

```python
usa_holidays = stocks.usa_cal.holidays(start=datetime.now(stocks.eastern).replace(month=1, day=1).strftime('%Y-%m-%d'), end=datetime.now(stocks.eastern).replace(month=12, day=31).strftime('%Y-%m-%d')).to_pydatetime()
```

## Get and save todays FMP data

Single ticker detailed data:
```python
ticker = 'GOOGL'
ticker_data_detailed = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_ticker_data_detailed_fmp, params={'ticker': ticker}, error_str=" - No ticker data detailed FMP for ticker: " + ticker + " on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data={})
```

All of Alpaca's USA tickers (takes roughly 2-3 hours to save):
```python
todays_date = datetime.now()
stocks.save_usa_alpaca_tickers_fmp_data(date=todays_date.strftime('%Y-%m-%d'))
```

## Retrieve past saved FMP data (48 data points - it's what fits on a normal 13in labtop screen on regular terminal/bash/zsh/vim font)

```python
df_tickers_2025_11_17 = stocks.get_saved_tickers_data(date='2025-11-17')
# View the 48 saved data points on GOOGL
df_tickers_2025_11_17.loc['GOOGL']
```

## Get todays other (Google Trends & Yahoo Finance & Google Finance & ExchangeRate & Slickcharts & CrunchBase) data

```python
# Standard library imports
import re

# Third Party imports
import pandas as pd
from fake_headers import Headers

ticker, stop_day ='TSLA', datetime.now()

# 15 days Google Trends of a Ticker
google_trends = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_google_trends_pt, params={'kw_list': [ticker], 'from_date': stop_day - timedelta(days=15), 'to_date': stop_day}, error_str=" - No " + "google trends" \
 + " data for ticker search term: " + ticker + " from: " + str(stop_day - timedelta(days=15)) + " to: " + str(stop_day), empty_data=pd.DataFrame())
 # Add a trendline to determine (+/- and degree of google_trends)
google_trends_slope = stocks.trendline(google_trends.sort_values('date', inplace=False, ascending=True)[ticker]) if not google_trends.empty else float("NaN") # sort_values is precautionary, should already be ascending

# Yahoo Finance Scraped Data
ticker_data_detailed = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_ticker_data_detailed_yfinance, params={'ticker': ticker}, error_str=" - No ticker data detailed Yahoo Finance for ticker: " + ticker + " on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data={})

# Google Finance Scraped Data for Tech companies (NASDAQ exchange, if loop through Alpaca assets ie for asset in  stocks._fetch_data(stocks.alpaca_api.list_assets ...): asset.exchange can be extracted for every ticker = asset.symbol)
exchange = 'NASDAQ'
ticker_data_detailed = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_ticker_data_detailed_gfinance, params={'ticker': ticker, 'exchange': exchange}, error_str=" - No ticker data detailed Google Finance for ticker: " + ticker + " on exchange: " + exchange + " on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data={})

# ExchangeRate
exchange_rates_usd = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_exchange_rates_exchangerate, params={'base_currency': 'USD'}, error_str=" - No Exchange Rates (USD) from ExchangeRate-api on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data = {})

# Slickcharts
df_tickers_sp500 = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_sp500_ranked_tickers_by_slickcharts, params={}, error_str=" - No S&P 500 tickers data from Slickcharts on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data = pd.DataFrame())

# CrunchBase downloading Tech Company data, bot detectors are quite good so currently blocked even with fake_headers and cookies
# Peer Company Tech Company data (ie if you want to analyze TSLA's competitors)
# tech_companies = df_tickers_2025_11_17[df_tickers_2025_11_17['Sector'] == 'Technology']

headers, cookies = Headers(os="mac", headers=True).generate(), {'cid': 'CihjF2EJua4XkgAtPH5jAg==', '_pxhd': 'IhifXsIJ7A98ehR9VBprDcS2R0QJLw7ZvwUY8CR9jpoQ3fvPaRezXrWDUfCcqC75orD5OSnwJYS1ZP1A9ieOqQ==:-teWJPV0KWw6Vvnu46qXzIor-OW/6skuVb7jq-NfX4yCB-PpRiHoi31hJLDhl9vQQvj7qfVoeGpVqjlXPiFQqX6rZ/ihiPQ72Z1oh0nv1SE=', '__cflb': '02DiuJLCopmWEhtqNz5agBnHnWotHyxG4jgU9FLJcAXuE'}
company_name_re = re.compile(r'\b(?:{0}?\.)\b'.format('|'.join(['inc', 'incorporated', 'co', 'corp', 'corporation', 'ltd', 'limited', 'class a', 'american depositary shares', 'common stock', 'ordinary shares'])))
permalink = "-".join(company_name_re.split(df_tickers_2025_11_17.loc[ticker, 'Name (Alpaca)'].lower())[0].replace(',','').strip().split(" ")) # re.sub(",?(\s)", "",
[crunchbase_data, resp_status_code] = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_crunchbase_data_for_ticker, params={'ticker': ticker, 'permalink_original': permalink, 'headers': headers, 'cookies': cookies}, error_str=" - No CrunchBase data for ticker: " + ticker + " with permalink_original: " + permalink + " on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data={})
```

## AI Analysis

```python
ticker = 'GOOGL'
company_name, location = df_tickers_2025_11_17.loc[ticker, ['Name (Alpaca)', 'Location']]
buy_or_not_analysis = stocks.should_I_buy_the_stock_google_gemini_pro(ticker, company_name, location)
rating = stocks.extract_investment_recommendation(buy_or_not_analysis, ticker)
rating = rating if rating else stocks.extract_investment_recommendation_2(buy_or_not_analysis, ticker)
```

## Algorithms

```python
# Algorithms and their description, algorithms check for buy & sell opportunities every market day night except for random_sp500 (one every month), market checks during market hours every 4 minutes 365 days / year (for Stop-Loss, Trailing Stop-Loss)
portfolios = {
  'zr':  'Zacks Rank - Buy or sell tickers depending on their Zanks rank (ie buy if rank > 3/5, sell if in portfolio and rank < 2/5)',
  'rr': 'Relative Rank - Buy or sell tickers depending if their Market Cap relative rank has moved above or below a threshold over the past interval days (ie buy if Market Cap rank has increased 50 over the past 20 days, sell if in portfolio and Market Cap rank has decreased 50 over the past 20 days)',
  'tilupccu': 'Top-Interval Loser (U = customizable ie # of losers, ranked by Market Cap or Percentage Loss) Peer Company Check (U = customizable ie EPS, PB, etc) - Buy tickers depending on their Market Cap and Percentage Loss over interval days and how strong their Peer Companies are (ie is it more likely to bounce back)'
  'mmtv': 'Momentum Mean Trading Volume - Buy the ticker if the Trading Volume is greater than the Mean Trading Volume over the interval days',
  'random_sp500': 'Random S&P 500 - Buy S&P500 tickers randomly weighted by price change over interval days checked every interval days (the algorithm I read about checks buys and sells every month)',
  'mm': 'Momentum - Buy the ticker ranked by price change over the past interval days (meant for long-term 3-12 months ~90-~365days interval days)',
  'airs': 'Aritifical Intelligence Recommendation in Sector - Iterates over a limited number of tickers in given sector (default is "Financial Services"), buys if AI (default is Gemini-Pro) gives a ranking >= 8/10, sells if AI gives a ranking <= 4/10, skips if issue with AI analysis (hallucination / not a proper ranking)',
  'tngaia': 'Top-N Gainers Artificial Intelligence Analysis - Iterates over the Top N ticker gainers that FMP returns, buys if AI (default is Gemini-Pro) gives a ranking >= 8/10, sells if AI gives a ranking <= 4/10, skips if issue with AI analysis (hallucination / not a proper ranking)',
  'senate_trading': 'Senate Trading - Iterates over tickers in the FMP Senate trading data (Senate timestamps and tickers inflows and outflows by month) that fall within a rank limit, buy ticker if rank is above 0, sell if rank is below 0',
  'sma_mm': 'Simple Moving Average Momentum Move - Buy / sell if Price moves above or below customizable SMA range (200-day, 200-day in S&P 500, 8-day > 13-day and 5-day > 8-day)'
}
```

## Send message to your Phone via Twilio

```python
twilio_message = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.twilio_client.messages.create, params={'to': twilio_phone_to, 'from_': twilio_phone_from, 'body': "Q Trading @stocks #" + stocks.portfolio_account + ": running on " + str(datetime.now()) + " :)"}, error_str=" - Twilio msg error to: " + twilio_phone_to + " on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data=None)
```

Commit message:

Update to v1.0.9.5: Add option for non-paying data collection (fmp_paid_data=False) option in #save_usa_alpaca_tickers_fmp_or_gf_data, refactor error string re up/down move in #run_portfolio_sma_mm -README.md: Explain new changes (in comments and headers) and separate #save_usa_alpaca_tickers_fmp_or_gf_data logic into own section -speterlin_stocks/module1.py: #get_ticker_data_detailed_gfinance - Explain (in comments) how I know that EPS is TTM #save_usa_alpaca_tickers_fmp_or_gf_data - update method name and references to it, change returned dataframe name, add 'Basic EPS (TTM)' data point (since Google Finance uses that), add calculation for EPS (TTM) for fmp_paid_data=True ((1/PE(TTM))*Last), logic for placing retrieved Google Finance data in returned dataframe for fmp_paid_data=False, logic exception error string #save_tickers_yf_and_fmp_or_gf_data - change name of method and references to it and saved directory location #run_portfolio_tilupccu - update and refactor logic re basic_eps #run_portfolio_sma_mm - refactor error string re up/down move

README.md, after:

# speterlin-stocks

A Python package for a suite of quant-trading opportunities in stocks with API integration: Alpaca brokerage for storing USD assets and margin trading (2x) on exchanges NYSE & NASDAQ, Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) & Google Trends & Yahoo Finance & Google Finance & ExchangeRate & Slickcharts & CrunchBase for data collection, OpenAI & Google Gemini-Pro for AI analysis.

Please see [quant-trading](https://github.com/speterlin/quant-trading) for writing scripts, backtesting, other analysis. Make sure to install package like this (with python>=3.12 and latest pip) in your environment or (recommended) virtual environment:
```python
pip install speterlin-stocks
```
And then import package like this:
```python
import speterlin_stocks.module1 as stocks
```

For the following calls set up your Python virtual environment shell (where you quant trade or analyze stocks) and import packages like in [quant-trading#Another Python script for Stocks](https://github.com/speterlin/quant-trading?tab=readme-ov-file#another-python-script-for-stocks-with-ai-trading-programsstocksstocks_tngaia_alpaca_your_other_usernamepy)

## Get and analyze your saved Portfolio

```python
portfolio = stocks.get_saved_portfolio_backup("portfolio_rr_50_-50_20_-0.2_0.2_-0.05_2000_100_True_False_False_{'usd': 10000}_2024-12-01_to_" + datetime.now().strftime('%Y-%m-%d'))

# View open positions in two rows
print(str(portfolio['open'].drop(['fmp_24h_vol', 'gtrends_15d', 'rank_rise_d', 'tsl_armed', 'tsl_max_price', 'trade_notes', 'other_notes'], axis=1)) + "\n" + str(portfolio['open'].drop(['position', 'buy_date', 'buy_price', 'balance', 'current_date',\
'current_price', 'current_roi'], axis=1)))

# View sold positions
portfolio['sold'].tail(40).drop(['fmp_24h_vol', 'rank_rise_d', 'tsl_max_price', 'gtrends_15d'], axis=1)
```

## Check Assets

```python
account, alpaca_open_orders = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.alpaca_api.get_account, params={}, error_str=" - No account from Alpaca on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data = {}), stocks._fetch_data(stocks.alpaca_api.list_orders, params={'status': 'open', 'nested': True}, error_str=" - Alpaca open orders error on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data=[])
assets = stocks.get_alpaca_assets(alpaca_account=account, alpaca_open_orders=alpaca_open_orders)
print(str(assets) + "\nTotal Current Value: " + str(assets['current_value'].sum()) + "\nAccount Equity: " + str(account.equity) + "\nAccount Buying Power: " + str(account.buying_power))
```

## Market calls

```python
last_trade_data = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.alpaca_api.get_latest_trade, params={'symbol': ticker}, error_str=" - No last trade from Alpaca for ticker: " + ticker + " on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data = {})
price, timestamp = last_trade_data.price, last_trade_data.timestamp
```

## USA Holidays

```python
usa_holidays = stocks.usa_cal.holidays(start=datetime.now(stocks.eastern).replace(month=1, day=1).strftime('%Y-%m-%d'), end=datetime.now(stocks.eastern).replace(month=12, day=31).strftime('%Y-%m-%d')).to_pydatetime()
```

## Get and save todays FMP data

Single ticker detailed data:
```python
ticker = 'GOOGL'
ticker_data_detailed = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_ticker_data_detailed_fmp, params={'ticker': ticker}, error_str=" - No ticker data detailed FMP for ticker: " + ticker + " on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data={})
```

## Get and save all of Alpaca's USA tickers data today (takes roughly 2-3 hours to save):

```python
todays_date = datetime.now()
# with FMP paid data (method above is called on each Alpaca ticker which has FMP data) ~roughly 29 data points / ticker
stocks.save_usa_alpaca_tickers_fmp_or_gf_data(date=todays_date.strftime('%Y-%m-%d'))
# with free Google Finance data (method below - Google Finance Scraped Data - is called on each Alpaca ticker which has Google Finance data) ~roughly 12 data points / ticker
stocks.save_usa_alpaca_tickers_fmp_or_gf_data(date=todays_date.strftime('%Y-%m-%d'), fmp_paid_data=False)
```

## Retrieve past saved FMP data (49 data points - it's what fits on a normal 13in labtop screen on regular terminal/bash/zsh/vim font)

```python
df_tickers_2025_11_17 = stocks.get_saved_tickers_data(date='2025-11-17')
# View the 49 saved data points on GOOGL
df_tickers_2025_11_17.loc['GOOGL']
```

## Get todays other (Google Trends & Yahoo Finance & Google Finance & ExchangeRate & Slickcharts & CrunchBase) data

```python
# Standard library imports
import re

# Third Party imports
import pandas as pd
from fake_headers import Headers

ticker, stop_day ='TSLA', datetime.now()

# 15 days Google Trends of a Ticker
google_trends = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_google_trends_pt, params={'kw_list': [ticker], 'from_date': stop_day - timedelta(days=15), 'to_date': stop_day}, error_str=" - No " + "google trends" \
 + " data for ticker search term: " + ticker + " from: " + str(stop_day - timedelta(days=15)) + " to: " + str(stop_day), empty_data=pd.DataFrame())
 # Add a trendline to determine (+/- and degree of google_trends)
google_trends_slope = stocks.trendline(google_trends.sort_values('date', inplace=False, ascending=True)[ticker]) if not google_trends.empty else float("NaN") # sort_values is precautionary, should already be ascending

# Yahoo Finance Scraped Data
ticker_data_detailed = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_ticker_data_detailed_yfinance, params={'ticker': ticker}, error_str=" - No ticker data detailed Yahoo Finance for ticker: " + ticker + " on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data={})

# Google Finance Scraped Data for Tech companies (NASDAQ exchange, if loop through Alpaca assets ie for asset in  stocks._fetch_data(stocks.alpaca_api.list_assets ...): asset.exchange can be extracted for every ticker = asset.symbol)
exchange = 'NASDAQ'
ticker_data_detailed = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_ticker_data_detailed_gfinance, params={'ticker': ticker, 'exchange': exchange}, error_str=" - No ticker data detailed Google Finance for ticker: " + ticker + " on exchange: " + exchange + " on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data={})

# ExchangeRate
exchange_rates_usd = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_exchange_rates_exchangerate, params={'base_currency': 'USD'}, error_str=" - No Exchange Rates (USD) from ExchangeRate-api on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data = {})

# Slickcharts
df_tickers_sp500 = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_sp500_ranked_tickers_by_slickcharts, params={}, error_str=" - No S&P 500 tickers data from Slickcharts on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data = pd.DataFrame())

# CrunchBase downloading Tech Company data, bot detectors are quite good so currently blocked even with fake_headers and cookies
# Peer Company Tech Company data (ie if you want to analyze TSLA's competitors)
# tech_companies = df_tickers_2025_11_17[df_tickers_2025_11_17['Sector'] == 'Technology']

headers, cookies = Headers(os="mac", headers=True).generate(), {'cid': 'CihjF2EJua4XkgAtPH5jAg==', '_pxhd': 'IhifXsIJ7A98ehR9VBprDcS2R0QJLw7ZvwUY8CR9jpoQ3fvPaRezXrWDUfCcqC75orD5OSnwJYS1ZP1A9ieOqQ==:-teWJPV0KWw6Vvnu46qXzIor-OW/6skuVb7jq-NfX4yCB-PpRiHoi31hJLDhl9vQQvj7qfVoeGpVqjlXPiFQqX6rZ/ihiPQ72Z1oh0nv1SE=', '__cflb': '02DiuJLCopmWEhtqNz5agBnHnWotHyxG4jgU9FLJcAXuE'}
company_name_re = re.compile(r'\b(?:{0}?\.)\b'.format('|'.join(['inc', 'incorporated', 'co', 'corp', 'corporation', 'ltd', 'limited', 'class a', 'american depositary shares', 'common stock', 'ordinary shares'])))
permalink = "-".join(company_name_re.split(df_tickers_2025_11_17.loc[ticker, 'Name (Alpaca)'].lower())[0].replace(',','').strip().split(" ")) # re.sub(",?(\s)", "",
[crunchbase_data, resp_status_code] = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.get_crunchbase_data_for_ticker, params={'ticker': ticker, 'permalink_original': permalink, 'headers': headers, 'cookies': cookies}, error_str=" - No CrunchBase data for ticker: " + ticker + " with permalink_original: " + permalink + " on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data={})
```

## AI Analysis

```python
ticker = 'GOOGL'
company_name, location = df_tickers_2025_11_17.loc[ticker, ['Name (Alpaca)', 'Location']]
buy_or_not_analysis = stocks.should_I_buy_the_stock_google_gemini_pro(ticker, company_name, location)
rating = stocks.extract_investment_recommendation(buy_or_not_analysis, ticker)
rating = rating if rating else stocks.extract_investment_recommendation_2(buy_or_not_analysis, ticker)
```

## Algorithms

```python
# Algorithms and their description, algorithms check for buy & sell opportunities every market day night except for random_sp500 (one every month), market checks during market hours every 4 minutes 365 days / year (for Stop-Loss, Trailing Stop-Loss)
portfolios = {
  'zr':  'Zacks Rank - Buy or sell tickers depending on their Zanks rank (ie buy if rank > 3/5, sell if in portfolio and rank < 2/5)',
  'rr': 'Relative Rank - Buy or sell tickers depending if their Market Cap relative rank has moved above or below a threshold over the past interval days (ie buy if Market Cap rank has increased 50 over the past 20 days, sell if in portfolio and Market Cap rank has decreased 50 over the past 20 days)',
  'tilupccu': 'Top-Interval Loser (U = customizable ie # of losers, ranked by Market Cap or Percentage Loss) Peer Company Check (U = customizable ie EPS, PB, etc) - Buy tickers depending on their Market Cap and Percentage Loss over interval days and how strong their Peer Companies are (ie is it more likely to bounce back)'
  'mmtv': 'Momentum Mean Trading Volume - Buy the ticker if the Trading Volume is greater than the Mean Trading Volume over the interval days',
  'random_sp500': 'Random S&P 500 - Buy S&P500 tickers randomly weighted by price change over interval days checked every interval days (the algorithm I read about checks buys and sells every month)',
  'mm': 'Momentum - Buy the ticker ranked by price change over the past interval days (meant for long-term 3-12 months ~90-~365days interval days)',
  'airs': 'Aritifical Intelligence Recommendation in Sector - Iterates over a limited number of tickers in given sector (default is "Financial Services"), buys if AI (default is Gemini-Pro) gives a ranking >= 8/10, sells if AI gives a ranking <= 4/10, skips if issue with AI analysis (hallucination / not a proper ranking)',
  'tngaia': 'Top-N Gainers Artificial Intelligence Analysis - Iterates over the Top N ticker gainers that FMP returns, buys if AI (default is Gemini-Pro) gives a ranking >= 8/10, sells if AI gives a ranking <= 4/10, skips if issue with AI analysis (hallucination / not a proper ranking)',
  'senate_trading': 'Senate Trading - Iterates over tickers in the FMP Senate trading data (Senate timestamps and tickers inflows and outflows by month) that fall within a rank limit, buy ticker if rank is above 0, sell if rank is below 0',
  'sma_mm': 'Simple Moving Average Momentum Move - Buy / sell if Price moves above or below customizable SMA range (200-day, 200-day in S&P 500, 8-day > 13-day and 5-day > 8-day)'
}
```

## Send message to your Phone via Twilio

```python
twilio_message = stocks._fetch_data(stocks.twilio_client.messages.create, params={'to': twilio_phone_to, 'from_': twilio_phone_from, 'body': "Q Trading @stocks #" + stocks.portfolio_account + ": running on " + str(datetime.now()) + " :)"}, error_str=" - Twilio msg error to: " + twilio_phone_to + " on: " + str(datetime.now()), empty_data=None)
```
